You are the one who ruined my big Zhou Xiaofan
You will be a sinner for Big Zhou
Big Zhou will be buried in your hands
Although Big Zhou has run out of breath
But it's not your group of Xiao Xiaoneng people.
Whatever.
It's even now, and you're still stubborn
On the road to the Three Kingdoms, how do you bear a million heroes?
How can you resist a million heroes?
You are so arrogant
What do you mean?
What I mean is...
It wasn't just your 8,000 baskets that were destroyed
How can you still destroy 5 million male master?
Hey, Red Hat.
Millions of soldiers died from lightning
Tianhuo Landslide
Tsunami Sound
What are you talking about millions of troops destroyed in one fell swoop?
Is this the power of damnation?
The entire Southern Barbarian army was also killed
All Dongyi barbarians also lost contact
Not all lying to me
No way. It's impossible.
It's all you
I'll kill you!
How could this be?
Is he really invincible?
Three Kingdoms Xie Na, he can't help it
It's all over